what can you make me grilled cheese they
went for the cheshire cheese you bought
what okay uh the with the cheshire
cheese excuse me
hello hi hi
how are you could you please move
to the side
[Music]
no what is that oh
you got to get out can you please get
out get out please go to your own homes
or to a parking lot i don't care but
just don't be in my house right now
mom mom mom look at me look at me look
at me look at me
oh it's a chinchilla it's like a giant
furry mouse huh
so how did this get here did somebody
close a zoo
who paid for this did somebody pay for
this we didn't do it on purpose
we went to the store to get bonies for
the dogs and
duke fell in love with it she hasn't had
a pet like this since mandy patinkin
died
mm-hmm okay so i'm just curious so you
guys went to a
store so that means that you paid
money for this so i'm just wondering
how you got the money i paid for it
oh on your credit card oh that's awesome
max pick the box up with that thing
and bring it outside mom now mom it's
name is priscilla we're slow the
chinchilla
pick up princilla and bring her
outside to my new car which i was gonna
celebrate but you
thunder stealing chinchilla new york did
you say new car oh you promised me the
minivan
you're full of mom no i am not
did this thing even pass smog check i
don't know i highly
doubt it would mom this car doesn't fit
all of us
i know max get in
no fair too bad sucka that's what you
get for buying a chinchilla behind my
back
go inside